The will was sent back to the capital
The Second Prince Sikong Xu successfully ascended the throne
And changed the era name to Daxing the following year
Posthumously titled the late Emperor Sikong Yao as Wen
Historically known as
Emperor Xuanwen
Your Majesty has arrived
The Emperor has come to our place
Your Majesty
Long live Your Majesty
Fellow villagers, rise quickly
Thank you, Your Majesty
Xunyang
Why did you bring me here?
Some time ago I passed through here
And heard about their situation
That's why I thought
Your Majesty should come and see
Is there not a single young person in this village?
Men of military age
Have all gone to the border to guard the frontier for Your Majesty
Since Your Majesty ascended the throne
You've fought so fiercely that enemies tremble at the news
We can finally stand tall
Is that so
When Your Majesty goes north again
Our village will surely produce another commander of a thousand
My three sons
All grew up hearing the late Emperor's stories
To guard the nation's gates with Your Majesty
Brings honor to our ancestors
They all served in the same camp
All entered the same camp
All made contributions to Great Xuan
Your Majesty
My eldest son Dago
Was a vanguard for General Zhu
General Zhu personally buried him
My eldest and second sons both died in battle beyond the pass
Not a single coward
Fellow villagers, you've worked hard
You've worked hard
Xuan Kingdom's people love Your Majesty
This is just an ordinary village
But precisely because it's nothing special
I think one can see the whole from a part
See the whole from a part
Is every village like this?
All filled with lonely elderly, disabled, women and children
According to state law, men receive land at twenty, farm for three years
Try to leave descendants
At twenty-three, they should enter the army and serve the state
Father once said he hoped I would become a hegemon
So I thought
I want to do better than elder brother
To support the people
Lift up the backs of our Xuan people
Xunyang
What do you think of these years
Have I done right or wrong?
Your Majesty has never failed the people or Father
In the past, elder brother repeatedly advised me
I turned a deaf ear
Today Xunyang, you tricked me into coming here
And I've awakened from a great dream
I should stop
Your Majesty